Updates for linux system packaging and build/dist changes. (#190)
beeware/beeware: docs/tutorial/tutorial-3.rst

  .. group-tab:: Linux

>     The output of the package step will slightly different dependig on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The output of the package step will be slightly different depending on
```

      Targeting glibc 2.35
      Targeting Python3.10

      [helloworld] Building .deb package...
      Write Debian package control file... done

      dpkg-deb: building package 'helloworld' in 'helloworld-0.0.1.deb'.
      Building Debian package... done

      [helloworld] Packaged dist/helloworld_0.0.1-1~ubuntu-jammy_amd64.deb

    The ``dist`` folder will contain the DEB file that was generated.

    If you're on a Redhat-based distribution, you'll see:

    .. code-block:: console

      (beeware-venv) $ briefcase package

      [helloworld] Finalizing application configuration...
      Targeting fedora:36 (Vendor base rhel)
      Determining glibc version... done

      Targeting glibc 2.35
      Targeting Python3.10

      [helloworld] Building .rpm package...
      Generating rpmbuild layout... done

      Write RPM spec file... done

      Building source archive... done

      Executing(%prep): /bin/sh -e /var/tmp/rpm-tmp.Kav9H7
      + umask 022
      ...
      + exit 0
      Building RPM package... done

      [helloworld] Packaged dist/helloworld-0.0.1-1.fc36.x86_64.rpm

    The ``dist`` folder will contain the RPM file that was generated.

>     Other Linux distributions aren't currently supported for packaging at
>     present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Other Linux distributions aren't currently supported for packaging.
```

>     If you want to build a package for any other Linux distributions,
>     Briefcase can also help - but you'll need to install Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to build a package for a Linux distribution other than the one 
    you're using, Briefcase can also help - but you'll need to install Docker.
```
